CA05 (Final course assignment)

General
	About machine learning
	Three tasks
	Each is a different aspect of machine learning


Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) - 25%
	Working on the iris-fisher dataset
	Link does not work?
	
	Quite small dataset (150 samples)
	Four features
		Septal/Petal - Length/width
	Three categories
		Flower types

	Already included in matlab, can be loaded directly from matlab
	(fisheriris.mat)

	
	First actual part
		Visualize the data
		Check if data is nice, outliers, ...
		Create four histograms (Experiment, want to maximize expressiveness)

	Pretty straigt forward. 
	Dataset is already sorted
		First 50 is same flower
		Second 50 is another flower
		Etc...


	Second part:
		Check that data is normally distributed (follows gaussian)
		Do Jarque-Bera test
			Might not get perfect results (Some data may not follow curve)
			Just comment on unexpected occurances
			jbtest(x) <- from matlab
			Give jbtest the data, it returns either 1 or 0 based on if we pass the test or not. (See docs)
			Want to check individual categories (12 tests in total!)
				Split columns


	Third part: (Calculation part)
		Use predecided features (petal length, petal width)
		Scatter datapoints petal_length-axis, petal_width axis, use gscatter (Easy to distinguish categories, group by categories(flower type) not features)
		In same plot, draw lines from classifier, line that divides the categories.
			Allowed to use matlab functions (fitcdiscr)


	Summary, explain what we learned...


Decision Trees (Second part) - 25%

	Same dataset
	Use all datafeatures (All four features)
	fitctree function in matlab (Gives the tree, so we do not have to calculate it ourselfs)
		fitctree(tbl, Y) - Y is datanames?
		Returns a classification tree object, can be used to view 
		Use view- function so see tree.
		Can be given params to show graphical version

	Three or four lines of code to generate and show tree.


	Main part: Validation part
		Validate the tree / Check how good it at describing the dateset
		Can use built-in functions
		k-fold (crossval (params: k-fold crossvalidation))
	

		LOOCV (Leave one out cross val)
			Manually implement, calculate


Bayesian Networks - 50% 
	More creative (More fun?)
	Bayes Net Toolbox (From github)
	When submitting, do not include the files (assume graders have it installed)

	First part is installing toolbox, and how to use it.
	First tasks are in the examples (can follow their implementation)

	Evaluate the implementation, by calculating the probabilities
	Both are done in the same example (Computing marginal ditributions)


	Second part is using the toolbox to make predictions based on out network.
		More creative / Come up with our own scenario
		Might be difficult, come up with something that seems "sort of probable / sort of real"
		Atleast 6 nodes, and tables for all probs (draw network including tables)
		Implement similar to before, with our new scenario, try to find interesting problems

	Summary




























